docs: Introduce Write Concern options to MONGODB_EXTERNAL_CONNECTION_STRING (#1215)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.14.x/operate/advanced_install_options/index.md

      control-plane.mongo.auth.database=<YOUR_DATABASE_NAME>
```

> When using the externally hosted MongoDB with multiple replicas, we recommend setting the `write concern` options (docs [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/#write-concern-options))
> as part of the `control-plane.mongo.external.connectionString` helm value. Without these options there is a risk of a potential replica lags in MongoDB. Example of `YOUR_MONGODB_CONNECTION_STRING` with `write concern` options enabled:
> 
> ```console
> mongodb://user:password@localhost:27017/database-name?w=majority&wtimeoutMS=30000
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn has no opinion on how to fine-tune the database connection. We recommend the user specify any special configuration via the connection string (docs [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/#write-concern-options)) in the `control-plane.mongo.external.connectionString` helm value. 
```
